Fix/license_headers (#7)
eclipse-velocitas/devenv-github-templates: README.md

# devenv-github-templates

> Repo provides package to handle Github Templates for Velocitas CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo is a Velocitas CLI package to provision Github Templates to Velocitas SDKs and templates via Velocitas life cycle management.
```
